Right, Jiā Háo?
It was you
So the injury at the wedding
Was all a play you two staged?
Your goal
Was to send me to prison?
Fù Jiā Háo
We’ve been together for three years
From nothing to billions in assets
In your heart, what am I to you?
You
Are, of course, a tool
To make money for me
What?
If it weren’t for
Your title as a genius fashion designer
Do you think I’d stay with you?
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Someone with no background
And no charm like you
How could you ever be
The wife of Fù Shì’s CEO?
But the eldest daughter of the Jiǎng family
I’ve never done
Anything to wrong her
Why did she treat me like this?
Because the company is named Fù
Not Qín
I’m the chairman of the group
I’m the one